Peggy 12
Simms was probably the first game where
I felt like I was definitely getting
more entertainment for the community of
New Republic getting for me in two
thousand it started as a groundbreaking
idea there were so many things about the
original game that had never been done
before give the player the power of
creation and see what they make
I think the coolest thing that the sims
was the audience that I've attracted
seeing how people play it has been so
fulfilling then what they made was like
nothing the world has ever seen it
accuse to a wide audience because it
focuses on creativity in all of us male
female old or young millions of people
around the world
have discovered one universal language
hi lovey we need a language that was
interpretive it felt like a natural
language and that's really how so much
came about the way you succeed in this
community is you make interesting stuff
and people say nice things about it the
number one PC franchise of all time
is celebrating its 10th anniversary
I think the Sims really is all about
their creativity it's an environment for
players to kind of create their own
story
but the first decade was only the
beginning
you